{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf330
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Version 1.4\
	
\b0 > Massive overhaul of preferences system.\
	> Move to Leopard only.\
	> Updated 'Change Log' interface.\
	> Fixed the Growl notifications.\
	> Improvement of 'Login Item' preference.\
	> Temporary removal of German localization.\
	> Updated Sparkle & Growl versions.\
	> Better updating of menus.\
	> Scheduling fixes.\

\b \
Version 1.3.1\
	
\b0 > Serious Intel bug repaired.\
	> 1 of 3 Growl notifications removed.
\b \
\
Version 1.3\

\b0 	> Growl notifications.\
	> Bug fixes.\
	> Final Mac OS X 10.4 'Tiger' release.
\b \
\
Version 1.2.1\
	
\b0 > Localization corrections.
\b \
\
Version 1.2\
	
\b0 > German localization.\
	> Menu bar icon indicates bluetooth status.\
	> Added localized Sparkle update engine.\
	> Time of last sync shown in menu.
\b \
\
Version 1.1\
	
\b0 > Much improved scheduling system.\
	> Modified timer code.\
	> Added donation checks, ;-).\
	> General code improvements.
\b \
\
Version 1.0\

\b0 	> Option to change menu bar icon.\
	> Scheduling added.\
	> Removed option relating to archive versions.\
	> Bugs fixed.\
	> Removed user editable toolbar in prefs.
\b \
\
Version 0.9\

\b0 	> Application moves to front on launch.\
	> Added first run preference checks.\
	> Bug reporters credited.\
	> Change log is now read from a file.\
	> Improved memory handling.
\b \
\
Version 0.8\

\b0 	> Bug fixes.\
	> Improved icons.
\b \
\
Version 0.7\

\b0 	> Bug fixes.\
	> "Add to Login Items" in preferences.\
	> Ability to customize preferences toolbar.\
	> More code optimization.
\b \
\
Version 0.6\

\b0 	> Bug fixes.\
	> Code optimization & re-write.\
	> Preferences re-structure.\
	> Appearance improvement.\
	> Sparkle engine update from 1.0 -> 1.1.
\b \
\
Version 0.5\

\b0 	> Made bluetooth control optional.\
	> Included detection for lack of bluetooth.\
	> Bluetooth no longer a requirement.\
	> Added control for bluetooth in main menu.\
	> Ability to send files & add devices added.
\b \
\
Version 0.4\

\b0 	> New, custom menu bar icon.\
	> BluetoothControl fully integrated.\
	> All AppleScript trimmed.\
	> Added the ability to delete old version files.
\b \
\
Version 0.3\

\b0 	> Converted into Cocoa application.\
	> AppleScript binding still used.\
	> Menu bar based application.\
	> Hidden dock and menu presence.\
	> blueutil re-named to BluetoothControl.\
	> BluetoothControl re-compiled as UB.\
	> Application complied as UB.\
	> Sparkle updates included.
\b \
\
Version 0.2\

\b0 	> AppleScript refined.\
	> Application re-branded.
\b \
\
Version 0.1\

\b0 	> Initial release.\
	> Pre-compiled blueutil.\
	> Basic AppleScript.\
	> Installer Provided.}